# Copy of Avanzo White Paper

{% hint style="info" %}
**Good to know (**<mark style="color:red;">**Legal Disclaimer**</mark>**):** Nothing in this White Paper is an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any tokens. Avanzo is publishing this White Paper solely to receive feedback and comments from the public. If and when Avanzo offers for sale any tokens (or a Simple Agreement for Future Tokens), it will do so through definitive offering documents, including a disclosure document and risk factors. Those definitive documents also are expected to include an updated version of this White Paper, which may differ significantly from the current version. If and when Avanzo makes such an offering in the United States, the offering likely will be available solely to accredited investors. Nothing in this White Paper should be treated or read as a guarantee or promise of how Avanzo business or the tokens will develop or of the utility or value of the tokens. This White Paper outlines current plans, which could change at its discretion, and the success of which will depend on many factors outside Avanzo control, including market-based factors and factors within the data and cryptocurrency industries, among others. Any statements about future events are based solely on Avanzo analysis of the issues described in this White Paper. That analysis may prove to be incorrect.
{% endhint %}

## <mark style="color:red;">**Abstract**</mark>

This paper proposes a new investing solution based on real tangible asset-which will act as store of value for investors investments if investors decided to invest in one of our investing pools. This solution will reduce the risk factor of investors dealing with crypto market volatility, As their investments are pegged by ( real estate assets = invested value for each pool). Investors will stay assured that their investments are secured and risk of losing capital is reduced with an annual return sourcing from the asset annual return and paid to investors on different cryptos depending on their choice using a DAO vote, investors also have the power to ( End ) or ( Continue ) the investment after each annual return is being paid to them using a DAO vote .
