# Avanzo White Paper

{% hint style="info" %}
**Good to know (**<mark style="color:red;">**Legal Disclaimer**</mark>**):** Nothing in this White Paper is an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any tokens. Avanzo is publishing this White Paper solely to receive feedback and comments from the public. If and when Avanzo offers for sale any tokens (or a Simple Agreement for Future Tokens), it will do so through definitive offering documents, including a disclosure document and risk factors. Those definitive documents also are expected to include an updated version of this White Paper, which may differ significantly from the current version. If and when Avanzo makes such an offering in the United States, the offering likely will be available solely to accredited investors. Nothing in this White Paper should be treated or read as a guarantee or promise of how Avanzo business or the tokens will develop or of the utility or value of the tokens. This White Paper outlines current plans, which could change at its discretion, and the success of which will depend on many factors outside Avanzo's control, including market-based factors and factors within the data and cryptocurrency industries, among others. Any statements about future events are based solely on Avanzo's analysis of the issues described in this White Paper. That analysis may prove to be incorrect.
{% endhint %}

## <mark style="color:red;">**Abstract**</mark>

In the event that readers choose to participate in one of our investing pools, a new investing strategy is proposed in this article. By tying investors' investments to real estate assets, which equal the invested value for each pool, this approach will lower the risk that investors face while dealing with the volatility of the cryptocurrency market. With a return provided to investors on various cryptocurrencies according to their preferences, utilizing a DAO vote, investors can rest certain that their investments are safe and the danger of capital loss is eliminated. Using a DAO vote, investors also have the option to (end) or (continue) the investment after receiving each return.
